User diaz was registered as guest.
User linetti was registered as host.
User peralta was registered as guest.
User boyle was registered as host.
User hitchcock was registered as guest.
User scully was registered as guest.
Property boyle-florida was added to host boyle.
Property linetti-jersey was added to host linetti.
User raymond was registered as host.
Property raymond-house was added to host raymond.
Property cheddar-room was added to host raymond.
Booking raymond-house-1 was requested.
Booking raymond-house-2 was requested.
Booking raymond-house-3 was requested.
Booking raymond-house-1 was confirmed.
Booking raymond-house-2 was rejected.
Booking raymond-house-1 was paid: 1280.00
Booking raymond-house-3 was rejected.
Booking boyle-florida-1 was requested.
Booking boyle-florida-2 was requested.
Booking boyle-florida-3 was requested.
Booking boyle-florida-4 was requested.
Booking boyle-florida-5 was requested.
Booking linetti-jersey-1 was requested.
Booking linetti-jersey-2 was confirmed.
Booking linetti-jersey-3 was requested.
Booking boyle-florida-1 was confirmed.
Booking boyle-florida-4 was confirmed.
Booking boyle-florida-3 was rejected.
Booking boyle-florida-5 was rejected.
Booking boyle-florida-1 was paid: 1440.00
Booking boyle-florida-2 was rejected.
Booking boyle-florida-4 was cancelled.
Booking linetti-jersey-1 was rejected.
Booking linetti-jersey-2 was cancelled.
Booking linetti-jersey-3 was rejected.
Booking cheddar-room-1 was requested.
Booking cheddar-room-2 was requested.
Booking cheddar-room-3 was requested.
Booking cheddar-room-4 was requested.
Booking cheddar-room-3 was confirmed.
Booking cheddar-room-1 was rejected.
Booking cheddar-room-2 was confirmed.
Booking cheddar-room-2 was paid: 180.00
Booking cheddar-room-3 was cancelled.
Booking cheddar-room-4 was rejected.
All registered users:
boyle: Charles Boyle from usa with email charles.boyle@gmail.com [host user has 1 properties]
diaz: Rosa Diaz from usa with email diaz@gmail.com [guest user has 8 bookings]
hitchcock: Michael Hitchcock from usa with email hitchcock@gmail.com [guest user has 2 bookings]
linetti: Gina Linetti from usa with email glinetti@gmail.com [host user has 1 properties]
peralta: Jake Peralta from usa with email jake@gmail.com [guest user has 3 bookings]
raymond: Raymond Holt from usa with email rholt@hotmail.com [host user has 2 properties]
scully: Norm Scully from usa with email scully@gmail.com [guest user has 2 bookings]
Bye!
